♪ MTV ♪
♪ tense. intriguing music ♪
♪
Care for some coffee?
I'd love some coffee.
How do you take it?
Black
as my first husband's heart.
Mm. fancy.
You got your own mugs.
You guys don't have any?
Kind of defeats the purpose
if the clandestine organization
starts making swag
naming the clandestine
organization.
don't you think?
We don't take them in the field.
That's thinking ahead.
- [knock at door]
- Mm.
- [door closes]
- Want some coffee?
They've got their own mugs.
Fancy.
That's what I said.
I got it.
Senior case officers build up
trust issues.
Once bitten.
twice shy kind of thing.
You let me know
when we're done dick measuring.
I'll start the briefing.
Oh. we were done measuring
the minute I walked
in the room. Commander.
[giggles]
[Kaitlyn] We like
to secure our own intel.
we don't like to be fed it.
What intel are we being fed?
DIA analysts and
JSOC Intelligence worked
with DEA and DOJ.
sourcing all known
cartel leaders in our database.
We came up
with three possibilities.
Possibilities for what?
This is Specialist
Eleanor Vasquez. 23.
She is a medic with the 82nd.
No combat experience. but...
deployments to Africa.
- Saudi Arabia...
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
What is this?
- You need a soldier to insert...
- Are we talking about a Lioness?
Are you picking my asset for me?
This is a joint operation...
That we run.
We.
The minute I need air support
or a combat unit.
I'll be sure to call.
but in the meantime.
nobody picks my assets for me.
Nobody.
You want to choose the asset.
then you choose
another case officer.
but let me spare you the search.
I'm the only one.
I'm it!
I choose the asset.
I choose the cover.
I build the fucking plan.
and I run it!
Me!
[whispers]
That went like I expected it to.
- [door opens]
- So. we'll be in touch.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
Fucking CIA assholes.
[Kaitlyn]
I heard you.
- Joe. Joe.
- [grunts angrily]
- The fucking nerve.
- Everyone
is learning their way
- around the sandbox. Joe.
- Yeah.
This may start covert.
but it's not gonna
end up that way.
It's gonna end up with a bunch
of Rangers seizing an airport
and every squad of you-know-who
kicking down doors
like it's Kabul.
They're just...
they're trying to be helpful
in their own way.
We have to figure the way in
before we find the asset
who goes in.
The skill sets need to support
the mission. Kaitlyn.
not the other way around.
And where are we with that?
[sighs] Let me get home.
let me. let me unpack.
let me... [sighs]
let me say goodbye to my family.
again.
I'll sit down with my team.
Just give me...
give me three days.
- Three days?
- Yeah.
I'll meet you at Bliss.
You're overseeing
from the ground?
Everyone's watching on this one.
And I do mean everyone.
♪ Tense. dramatic music
♪
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
♪
We'll be. like. billionaires.
[indistinct chatter continues]
♪
[both laugh]
[indistinct chatter continues]
♪
- But we. like. went after.
- Oh.
[chatter. laughter continue]
They're stopping.
- Come on. Come on.
- [door opens. closes]
- Hey. cuties.
- Hi.
What are these?
Want some lemonade?
Oh. I don't eat sugar.
but thank you.
You do this?
Wow.
Babe. look at these.
[gasps]
How much?
A dollar.
We'll take them.
All of them?
Well. how many you got there?
Uh. I don't know.
Let's see...
Huh. little Picasso.
Twenty-two.
I think...
I should have exactly...
that.
[man laughing]
Okay.
What do you say?
Do you want to help me hang 'em?
Yeah.
Come. come.
I have a whole vision.
Let's get...
Come.
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
I think all over the walls.
After you. Miss Artiste.
Charlie?
[panting] Hi.
Mom. they bought
all of my drawings.
- [Joe] They did.
- They're beautiful.
Yeah. she's quite a talent.
[Aspen]
Thank you.
These drawings are about to have
quite the adventure.
[laughs]
[van door slides closed]
Hey.
What have I told you
about getting in a car
with a stranger?
They're not strangers. Mom.
They're customers.
[van departing]
Well. then don't get in a car
with customers either. okay?
[Charlie]
Okay.
- Kylee. where's your mother?
- Sorry. I had to
go get some more cookies.
These girls are having
quite the sale today.
- That's... that's great.
- [sighs]
I know.
I can barely keep up with them.
- Would you like one?
- I'm okay. Thank you.
[Kylee's mom]
Okay. yeah.
Bye. Mom.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
[chatter resumes]
♪
[sighs]
[water turns on]
[water turns off]
[sighs]
[lawnmower whirring outside]
[Kate]
I saw you.
On the TV.
You didn't see me on TV. Kate.
Don't lie to me.
Hey. I saw you.
Yes.
You were. um...
sent to get that lady.
the-the senator...
Congresswoman. yes.
Why you?
Because I'm who they send.
That's my job.
You're old enough
to know that now.
You're old enough that I can
trust you with that knowledge.
You can trust me.
Why this job?
Why out of
all the jobs in the world.
you pick this one?
You never met
my grandfather. Kate.
He moved to Rhode Island
from the Dominican Republic
when he was just a boy.
He turned 17
December 7th. 1941.
You know what day that is?
Pearl Harbor.
He enlisted in the Army
three days later.
My father would ask him
why he would risk his life
for a nation
he barely knew.
And my grandfather would say...
"I had just learned
to speak English.
I'm not about to learn to speak
German or Japanese."
[chuckles softly]
It's not funny.
Why do I do it?
So you don't have
to learn Chinese
or Russian.
That's why.
[door closes]
Why don't you get one of those
mowers that you can ride?
'Cause I got no time
for a gym. baby.
This is my only exercise.
We can fix that.
- Ooh.
- [bottles pop open]
- Hi.
- After a shower.
- Yeah. after.
Or maybe combine the...
shower with the fix.
That's a very efficient
use of time.
Yeah. I thought so.
[exhales]
This next one has me
closer to home.
Great. then I'd like
to break a rule.
And what rule is that?
The one where we don't
talk about work.
Ah.
And why would we do that?
I think there's
a certain comfort
in my ignorance
of international politics.
I don't know
where the conflicts are.
I don't know where you're going
to be worried about you.
or what you're facing. but...
Joe...
gunfights on the border
end up on the evening news.
Do us both a favor.
And stop watching the news.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna go pack.
- Right.
And you have a shower to take.
♪ Contemplative music ♪
♪
[shower running]
It's fine. It's fine.
I told you
to stop playing rugby.
[laughs]
♪
♪ Ominous music ♪
[beeping]
♪
[beeps]
When's supper gonna be ready?
Uh. about an hour.
- An hour?
- Hour?
Yeah. I got to make the stock.
Why can't you just buy a stock?
It's literally the same thing.
It's not the same thing.
[Kate]
But one doesn't take an hour.
Mom.
Hi. baby.
Oh.
[Charlie]
Gonna be home soon?
I sure hope so.
Love you.
I love you. too.
Promise me you'll try.
Okay? You know what I mean?
I do.
I will.
I'll call you.
[mouths]
[whispering]
I love you.
Okay.
[clears throat]
All right.
[door closes]
[crying]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
♪
Need her badge. too.
No. you just need to
read mine again.
[engine starts]
♪
[vehicle doors closing]
[indistinct rock music
plays on radio]
- Hey.
- [man] Hey.
What's up. boss?
[Two Cups]
Joe-Joe.
- Looking good.
- [Two Cups] Ma'am.
[laughs]
[Bobby] By the way.
it's hot as shit in here.
Might as well be back in Iraq.
Don't wish for
what you don't want.
Where's the bunks?
There are cots over there.
[scoffs] Cots.
Yeah. and wait until
you see the bathroom.
Everybody gonna know
each other real well.
Fuck.
[Kaitlyn] Can we get
some field houses over here?
Is this gonna
work for your team?
Well. we can make anything work.
They're fine.
What about Kyle?
Are you kidding?
- [Kyle] Yeah. baby.
- [Two Cups laughs]
[Kyle]
Now it's a party.
You bastards miss me or what?
Oh. fuck me.
I'm glad someone said it.
Yeah. somebody had to say it.
You motherfuckers.
You're still fucking alive.
I love that.
I thought you got fucking shot.
- I did get shot.
- [laughs]
[overlapping greetings]
[Tex]
Bobby. it's okay.
God just has
a sense of humor. that's all.
[mocking laughter]
What am I missing?
Last boyfriend
before she switched sides.
- [gasps]
- [Bobby] The reason I switched...
By the way.
not that it's any of your
fucking business.
but I never switched sides.
okay? I just abandoned
the side with a penis.
Therefore. have not been
abandoned since. motherfucker.
If you can catch
the irony in that statement.
[Two Cups] You know. I can't
because I don't fully understand
- that sentence. Yeah.
- [Joe] Children. be nice.
These guys are thumpers.
and we need them.
- You healing up?
- Yeah. You?
A little swimmer's ear. maybe.
How you doing. Bobby?
Good. how are you doing?
I'm good. you know?
Staying above water.
I'm fine too.
in case you were wondering.
I wasn't. I could
give a fuck how you're doing.
They gotta really love you
to stay that mad.
Ugh.
Hey. don't be an asshole.
I'll see you boys later.
I gotta go
shoot some pirates
from an oil tanker.
Grab some chow if you want.
I mean. it ain't worth a shit.
It's got some flies
and shit on it. but...
[Cody] Oh. great. Don't eat that
regular army shit. boys.
You're leaving me here with him?
Yeah.
You're in good hands.
You ain't alone.
[laughter]
Didn't know you boys got out.
Oh. we're not.
Unit lends us out.
Can't let
you guys have all the fun.
Damn right.
So. we. uh. rooms or bunks?
- Cots.
- Lovely.
- Yeah.
- Where's yours?
The one stuck up your ass.
[sputters. laughs]
This is gonna be fun.
[laughs]
- [laughs] No wonder you're gay.
Right?
Oh. Fuck me.
Good God.
They clearly
didn't get the memo.
- We'll survive.
- [sighs]
So. I am. uh.
working on something
a little more permanent.
Be ready end of the week.
How permanent does it
need to be?
[Kyle chuckles]
I got a plan.
I'm all fucking ears. Kyle.
[Joe scoffs]
Good.
There are four major cartels
in Mexico.
CNS. or Sonoran cartel.
is the oldest.
Its sphere of control
is roughly south of Arizona
and Western New Mexico
through the Sierra Madres
to the coast.
Has disputed control
of Baja California
with the Tijuana cartel
who controls everything
north of La Paz to the border.
The Chihuahua
and Coahuila cartel.
also known as "Los Tigres."
control the border
of Eastern New Mexico
and all the border of Texas
to Nuevo Laredo.
which is disputed territory
with the Nuevo Leon cartel.
who controls everything else
to the Gulf of Mexico and south.
All right?
Tourist destinations and ports
are disputed regions
with multiple cartels
fighting over those choke points
of commerce.
Main sources of revenue...
synthetics.
methamphetamines. fentanyl.
human trafficking
and kidnapping and extortion.
mainly of avocado
and lime farmers.
and. um. oil tapping.
- What's that?
- Black market oil sold
to North Korea. Cuba.
and of course. China.
who is Mexico's largest exporter
of open-market oil.
Now. because of their proximity
to oil pipelines. their control
of the most accessible
border crossing points.
Los Tigres has the closest ties
to the Chinese.
This is the leader
of the Los Tigres Cartel.
Alvaro Carrillo.
Fifty-three years old.
Believed to be living somewhere
near the town of Santa Eulalia.
although we assume he changes
locations on a regular basis.
But what's interesting is
this is his brother...
Pablo Carrillo.
He's an immigration attorney
in Dallas.
Came to the U.S. at the age
of five with his aunt and uncle.
Joined the Army. gained
citizenship in the Gulf War.
and also has a...
daughter.
Josefina Carrillo.
Captain... Josephina Carrillo.
Call sign "Thunder."
Graduated West Point. 2015.
Flies Apaches for the First Cav.
She's a badass.
Two Bronze Stars and a Silver
in four tours in Afghanistan.
Now. tax returns
for her father show
that he has never made
over $110.000 in a year.
That's his home.
- [whistles]
- Does that look like the home
of a guy
who processes Green Cards
and work visas?
You see where I'm going
with this. right?
I mean. I'm not trying to pick
your people for you. but...
I see where you're going. Kyle.
but there's no hiding
her background.
I don't think we hide from it.
I think we steer
right the fuck into it.
Keep talking.
She's a helicopter pilot. Joe.
She is a goddamn
helicopter pilot.
You said that.
Would DEA let us do it?
Do what?
[sighs]
We get her
dishonorably discharged.
She flies to Mexico
to blow off some steam.
Visits her uncle.
who she must know.
I mean.
look at that fucking house.
Could you work with DEA
that they let us fly in loads?
[Bobby] Yeah. but if we can
get her in the house.
why don't we just
neutralize the target?
Why fly in the loads?
Cartel is not the target.
Who's the target?
There's a Chinese agent
with the Ministry
of State Security
pulling all the strings.
and we're gonna find him.
Okay. and what do we do
when we find him?
- We're gonna kill him.
- [Two Cups laughs]
And you thought World War III
started in Eastern Europe.
No. no. no. everyone.
It's Mexico.
Of course.
What a great fucking idea.
We're not asking
your permission. soldier.
We're informing you
of the mission.
I go where I'm pointed. ma'am.
What do you think?
I'm gonna run it up
the flagpole.
[cheering. overlapping shouting]
[Westfield]
All right. come on. Pete!
- [cheering and applause]
- Let's go. buddy.
- Strike.
- Come on. blue!
[phone buzzing]
Was by his ankles. man.
Fuck.
Yeah?
[Kaitlyn]
We have a plan.
All right. what do you got?
Leader of Los Tigres
has a niece.
She's a pilot.
Combat experience. lots of it.
How does that help us?
Think Air America. except
we're not trying to make money.
She's gonna need
a pretty public discharge.
Commander in chief suffers
the sins of the soldier.
You know that. Kaitlyn.
They'll never accept her
if it's not public.
It's a really good setup. Byron.
All right. I'll ask.
You contact the asset
and make sure she wants in.
[overlapping shouting]
[crowd clamoring]
Fuck. Goddamn it.
- Hey! Hey!
- [all clamoring]
Okay.
First Cav is in Killeen.
Hour flight. Let's go.
She's deployed.
Where?
Iraq.
- [groans]
- Oh. fuck.
You get your fucking wish.
You get us travel?
From Liberty.
I'll sell the suits.
You sell our girl.
Gear up. Let's go.
Way to go. Bob-o.
- It's a coincidence.
- No. no. no.
There's no such thing. boss.
[Bobby]
It's a fucking coincidence.
You're the gift
that keeps on giving.
You're welcome.
[Joe]
I didn't say "thank you." Kyle.
You will.
♪ Slow. dramatic music ♪
♪
[knocking]
[Westfield sniffles]
Have a seat. Byron.
All right. [groans]
What do you got for us?
- A way in. sir.
- A way in?
There's an Army captain
in the First Cav
who is closely related
to the assumed leader
of the Los Tigres.
Alvaro Carrillo.
- How close?
- Niece.
What's this captain's specialty?
[Westfield] Combat aviation.
She's a helicopter pilot.
Currently serving
on a train-and-advise mission
in Iraq.
We don't have any troops
We have about 2.500
currently stationed
in various joint operation bases
with Iraqi Defense Forces.
Where is she stationed?
FOB Sykes in Northern Iraq.
I have a case officer en route.
- [knocking]
- [door opens]
Apologies.
You can take an eight ball
into the West Wing.
but God help you if you forget
your driver's license.
Where are we?
[Hollar]
Uh. we're just getting started.
Great.
[Hollar]
Tell us more about the captain.
West Point graduate.
Four tours of duty
in Afghanistan.
Multiple decorations.
Yeah. well.
this-this can't be right.
How many kills does she have?
Eight twenty-two.
[Mullins]
What?
Eight hundred
and twenty-two kills?
She was involved in a number
of convoy attacks
in the Peshawar province
and along the border of Iran.
Some of those convoys.
they numbered in the hundreds.
What he means to say is. kills
add up quickly in an Apache.
She's only reached the rank
of captain?
Mm-hmm.
After ten years
and all these commendations?
What's the catch?
[Kaitlyn]
Anything north of major
sits behind a desk. ma'am.
She seems to like action.
So your plan is to run her
through your program.
get her to the uncle. and then?
Our plan is
to fabricate a court-martial.
have her discharged
on some level of disgrace
that will withstand scrutiny
of anyone investigating.
We can't invent a cover
in this instance.
We need it to be legitimate.
Well. how will
her military career recover?
- It doesn't.
- No.
- It doesn't?
- [Westfield] If she accepts.
and the mission is successful.
she will likely end up
in WitPro.
Or if she wishes
to continue her service.
we find a place for her
in the 160th.
Or she can fly for us.
I haven't heard a plan.
Well. we assume that her father
is in contact with Carrillo.
and the plan is.
simply send her home.
I mean. she's a pilot.
and that's an extremely
coveted skill in the cartels.
and we think
it's gonna happen organically.
All right. they contact her.
Then what?
[Kaitlyn]
It's very likely that
they will use her
to drop loads in South Texas.
quite possibly human cargo.
as well.
- When you say human cargo?
- [Westfield] Farm workers.
They're often flown in
and dropped into the fields
of Central California.
Pecos regions of Texas.
and then they're driven south
to work.
Border Patrol check stations.
they only stop
northbound traffic.
[Mason] Well.
how does this get us closer
to MSS agents working
with cartels?
[Kaitlyn]
She's close family.
That grants her access
nobody else can obtain.
MSS will have direct contact
with Carrillo
as well as his lieutenants.
- She's a pilot. right?
- [Kaitlyn] Mm-hmm.
She's not a Lioness.
She's not trained
to neutralize targets.
and you don't have time
to teach her.
She's not a combat operator.
that's correct.
But she doesn't need to be
because she can fly
the operators to them.
[Westfield]
Think of her as a Trojan horse.
Once we have MSS
on our location.
she can insert a team.
and then we will have
a capture-kill option.
depending on the message
that POTUS wants to send.
All right.
Now walk me through the risks.
Uh. the risks
that come with aviation.
There is the dangers
of competing cartels.
there's the risks of exposure
of any clandestine operation.
and the risks of DEA
or HS intervention.
Ah.
Let's suppose
that DEA stumbles on this.
What's the contain?
There is none.
It would be far better
to have mission failure
on the Mexican side
than on the U.S. side.
[Hollar]
Why is that?
Because the cartel
would just kill her.
Here. U.S. law enforcement
would have a prosecutable case
against officers of the CIA.
and the Chinese would discover
an act of war
by the United States
on CBS News.
[Hollar] So. back
to the original question.
What if DEA or HS intervenes?
What if they find you
unloading 1.000 pounds
of fentanyl in the desert?
They would evade if possible.
And if not.
the unit would resist
until contact is broken
and an escape executed.
[Mason]
By "resist."
do you mean
that they will fire upon them?
If fired upon.
yes. that is correct.
Look. the alternative
is sending a Ranger battalion
to Juárez with three Delta
Squadrons and SEAL Team 6.
while predators make
strafing runs along the border.
Do you want a war
or do you want a prize?
Both have extreme risks.
Can you give us a few minutes?
Sure.
♪ Suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
♪
[door opens]
[Westfield exhales loudly]
I thought you were trying
to sell them on the project.
not scare them off.
Well. they need
to fully understand the risks.
It's an election year.
This is the sort of thing
a new administration uses
- to clean house.
- [sighs]
[door opens]
Back inside. please.
[Mullins]
It's easy to forget why
we're having this conversation.
A congresswoman was kidnapped
on American soil.
Her family killed at the behest
of the Chinese Ministry
of State.
Which is why we need a plan
in the first place.
Do it.
Yes. sir.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪
Byron.
The buck stops with you.
you understand me?
Yes. sir.
So do not get yourself caught.
Right.
[sighs]
What did I tell you?
♪ Pulsing. dramatic music ♪
♪
Not much of a fucking escort.
- Nope.
- [phone buzzing]
What did they say?
You're green. Close her.
- I'll give it my best.
- I didn't ask
for your best. I said do it.
I'll do it.
♪ Low. tense music ♪
♪
Hey. how can you see?
What?
How can you see?!
Can't. ma'am.
Following the dust.
What if he hits the brakes?
Why would he do that. ma'am?
Maybe something's in the road.
- What would be in the road?
- I don't know!
A fucking goat!
We don't stop for goats. ma'am.
[yelling inaudibly]
- Out of the fucking vehicle!
- [gunfire]
[groans loudly]
We got to get the fuck
out of here.
- [grunts]
- Come on.
[gunfire continues]
On the left!
[indistinct shouting]
- Fuck!
- [Joe] Raven One! Raven One!
This is Raven Actual!
I need immediate C.A.S.
to my beacon!
- Now!
- Roger. Raven Actual.
C.A.S. is inbound. Hang tight.
[grunts]
[cries out]
[shouting]
♪
Damn. that's a beautiful thing.
Fuckin' A. it is.
♪ Low. somber music ♪
♪
You good. boss?
[panting]
I'm good.
What the fuck?
[panting]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[helicopter blades whirring]
[indistinct shouting]
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
[shouting continues]
[indistinct shouting]
[medic]
Gunshots?!
No. he ate the steering wheel!
Pulse is faint and rapid! 178!
Breathing real labored!
[sergeant medic]
Where's the other?
Didn't make it.
♪
Go. go. go.
Are you Captain Carrillo?
What the fuck
do you think you're doing?!
Flying an SF unit into Al-Asad.
don't report it to command?!
You just pirate
our fucking Humvees?!
JSOC said covert.
They watch the airport!
You can't sneak
- into this fucking place.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You think I fucking choose
how I get in a fucking country?
You think I fucking plan it?!
Of course we notified
fucking command.
They just didn't notify
anyone else.
Stop acting like it's your first
fucking day in the Army!
That is three KIAs
because of this rookie
- fucking bullshit. Hey!
- Where's the medic?
Hey. Are you gonna call
their parents?
No! That's my fucking job.
Then do your job.
Oh. I will. bitch.
Don't...
- fucking touch me.
- [grunting]
- [Tucker] Hey. hey. hey. hey!
- [overlapping yelling]
[grunting]
What the fuck am I watching?!
Captain!
- Get the fuck off me!
- Captain! Captain!
You will stand down!
Stand down!
- And you...
- Be very
fucking careful
the way you fucking talk to me.
I'm the highest ranking officer
anywhere I fucking go.
[spits]
And this base
better start fucking acting
like it!
A two-vehicle escort?
That's what you send me?
Some fucking teenagers with M16s
from the first
fucking Gulf War?!
That's what I get?!
I can't send more than two
without an Iraqi platoon
overseeing.
You want 28 Iraqis
looking at your face?!
My order was
to make it look routine.
and that's what we did!
I'll send you back in Bradleys
with an Iraqi escort.
The fuck you will!
You're putting us all
in a Chinook
and you're fucking flying us
to Kuwait.
Now. where's your office?
Why?
'Cause it's
my fucking office now!
Through the double doors.
all the way down on the right.
You.
in my fucking office
in ten minutes.
Who the fuck is that?
DoD has a dark side. Captain.
You just met it.
[whispers]
Fuck.
Fuckin' bitch.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
Captain Carrillo.
How well do you know your uncle?
I don't have an uncle.
I have two aunts.
No uncle.
You have an uncle.
I've never seen this man.
Be that as it may.
he's your uncle.
And he's the leader of
the Chihuahua-Coahuila cartel.
better known as Los Tigres.
What does that mean?
It means "tiger."
- You don't speak Spanish?
- No.
My parents never spoke Spanish
to me. only English.
[sighs]
This may not work.
What's not working?
Would you like something
from me? What?
Your father's
an immigration attorney.
He charges $125 an hour.
I don't know
how much he charges.
This is his office.
Yeah?
That's your home.
They bought it
after I graduated.
For $3.5 million dollars.
they bought it.
He makes 100 grand a year.
Explain that to me.
[scoffs]
Are you with the IRS?
Ask my father.
I see him once a year
for Christmas. maybe. if that.
Lady. what the fuck
do you want from me?
Do you love your country?
[scoffs softly]
I think
I've made that pretty clear.
- We believe...
- Who's "we"?
The Agency.
You could've led with that.
What do you want me to do?
I've been tasked to find the men
who kidnapped
Congresswoman Hernandez.
Are you familiar
with the situation?
I'm aware of it.
What do you know
about the Lioness program?
Are you a Lioness?
I run it.
Look. I'm a soldier.
I've killed people in battle.
I've killed people today.
I'm not trained.
I'm not an assassin.
I just push a button.
I don't look at them in the eye.
Do you love your country?
We've established that.
We haven't. You haven't answered
- the question.
- Because I've proven it.
I don't need
to answer the question.
- Your country needs you.
- I am serving
my country right now.
Your country needs more.
Do you love it?
[scoffs softly]
- Fuck you.
- Do you?
Fuck you!
Oh. Captain Carrillo.
It's yes or no.
It's a simple fucking question.
I've been warned
about people like you.
I've met plenty of women
who went into the program.
Do you know what I've never met?
I've never met
a woman who came out.
Yes or no.
Do you love your country?
That is my file. right?
If you read it.
then you know I love it.
Then why can't you say it?
I just want to hear you say it.
I want to hear you say
you love your country.
Do you love your country?
Yes?
Or no?
[inhales sharply]
Do you love it?
[whispering]
Yes.
[shuddering]
[crying]
I love my country.
♪ Low. dramatic music ♪
♪
Do you have any tattoos?
No.
Prove it.
♪ Atmospheric music ♪
♪
♪ Dramatic music ♪